minishell> cat ../minishell_test/test_files/infile_big | grep oi

minishell> was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
not going to do _that_ in a hurry. “No, I’ll look first,” she said,
“and see whether it’s marked ‘_poison_’ or not”; for she had read
bottle marked “poison,” it is almost certain to disagree with you,
However, this bottle was _not_ marked “poison,” so Alice ventured to
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
said Alice to herself, “in my going out altogether, like a candle. I
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, “If you please,
to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon
dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
“Not like cats!” cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. “Would
trembling voice, “Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
“What I was going to say,” said the Dodo in an offended tone, “was,
“But who is to give the prizes?” quite a chorus of voices asked.
“Why, _she_, of course,” said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
the others all joined in chorus, “Yes, please do!” but the Mouse only
doesn’t suit my throat!” and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
“How queer it seems,” Alice said to herself, “to be going messages for
gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a
she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
“Mary Ann! Mary Ann!” said the voice. “Fetch me my gloves this moment!”
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
then a voice she had never heard before, “Sure then I’m here! Digging
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
then the Rabbit’s voice along—“Catch him, you by the hedge!” then
silence, and then another confusion of voices—“Hold up his head—Brandy
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (“That’s Bill,” thought
“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
came different!” Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, “and just as I was thinking I
going to be, from one minute to another! However, I’ve got back to my
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
minishell> exit
